I
hi I'm Jim horrid Island thumb tues com
and i've been marketing temporary tattoo
since 1988 today we're going to begin a
series where we compare the common or
traditional temporary tattoo that we're
all familiar with with the high-quality
paper tattoos that are manufactured in
Japan I think you'll find these
comparisons interesting so I hope you'll
check back to see the results as we go
through with the area's follow-ups so
let's get started to begin with we're
going to do our application on an ankle
and we're going to clean the skin with
an alcohol to make sure that there's no
body oils or any dirt or anything there
it would interfere with the correct
process once we've done that we use a
paper towel and make sure that the skin
is perfectly dry that will apply the
first tattoo this is the traditional
tattoo they can always be identified by
the fact that they'll have it clear
release seat protecting the tackiness of
the tattoo so we're going to put it on
the ankle right here rub that down and
we'll use a damp and sponge to make the
application and now the tattoo has
released backing paper and I'll slide it
off and we have the traditional tattoo
applied now I'm going to apply the
Japanese paper tattoo and you'll notice
that it has a translucent sheet
protecting the tackiness of the tattoo
so we will apply it right below the
American tattoo also using a damp sponge
so the standpoint of application there
is really isn't any difference between
the traditional tattoo and the Japanese
paper tattoo but as time goes on if
you'll check back on these you will
notice significant differences so the
backing paper has released from the
paper tattoo from Japan and now we've
completed the application of two
temporary tattoos a very similar design
for comparison purposes now you'll
notice that the two tattoos are very
similar I'm going to use a little bit of
talcum and brush on to the tattoos is
kind of a setting agent this will also
eliminate some of the initial shine
should be noted that the shine will go
away usually by the second day is when
the Japanese paper tattoos begin to look
their best and look more realistic and
that will complete it for today now we
will continue to follow up make note
that today is December seventh nineteen
or two thousand eight and will continue
to check back and see how these two are
holding up by comparison so I hope
you'll come back and check on the
follow-ups